[Autogenerated] monitoring access to AWS resources.
This chapter is the natural compression off the whole
course and provides your set of tools to ensure proper
governance off your AWS account.
In this section, we're going to investigate AWS Tools,
which tracks success to AWS account and allows for monitoring and log in.
We will concentrate on two main topics.
Help the log activity performed on your AWS account and how to create a report
which described the usage of credentials across AWS account.
Let's start with Club Trail.
AWS Cloud Trail is in need of Leah service that helps you enable governance,
compliments and operational and risk auditing off your AWS account.
And this is straightforward.
Cloud trail is little which allowed to convey logging
activity down on AWS services of your account.
Action taken by a user role or an AWS service are
recorded as events in cloud trail,
so Cloud Trail can record all action on any AWS services
performed by user roles or services.
Events includes action taking in AWS management console,
AWS Common Lane interface and AWS sdk and AP eyes.
The trail is able to log events of regardless,
the tool used to perform the day action and this should remind you something.
When a policy is associated to a user,
the user can perform allowed actions regardless the tool used Console Seelye,
Sdk or FBI.
Let me provide now more detail on a typical workflow involving cloud trail.
Everything starts with global Mantex AWS account.
When clothed trail is created,
all events performed on AWS services are logged as management events
which are represented by administrative actions,
for example, create a bark.
It started an 82 machine and so on, also for a subset of services.
At the time of writing astri and longer services,
Cloud Trail is able to record the data events.
For example, when love the function is started.
When data enters the bark it and so on by default cloud
trays log are starting single est Reebok it encryption at
rest is enabled by default.
Now we'll see that the logs starred in target s tree bark.
It are not so user friendly.
Luckily, Amazon allows for streaming the cloud trade logs into cloudwatch logs,
which is definitely easier to read and to interact with.
You should just remember that streaming cloud tree logs into
cloudwatch logs will cost you some money?
No, let us go for some demos, which, as usual, are organized as a scenario description and a task to be performed.